[Maul] Have you ever encountered
one of the Jedi hunters?
Are you even prepared?
[Devon] I'll take my chances.
[Lawson] I know where Maul is.
I need a strike team immediately.
A pleasure to see you again. Captain.
[indistinct shouting]
[grunting]
[groans. growls]
Your master is indeed fortunate
to have you at his side.
[Master Daki] I failed you.
[Lawson] I'm sorry. Two-Boots.
[Two-Boots] I forgive you. Captain.
And I hope you will be able to forgive me.
[Rook Kast] Something's happening.
[♪ dark suspenseful music playing]
[siren blaring]
[heavy rumbling]
[♪ tense music playing]
[siren continues blaring]
[engines whirring]
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[people exclaim]
[voice over pa system]
Attention. citizens.
Off-world travel has been
temporarily halted by order of the Empire.
All civilian vessels
are grounded until further notice.
[woman] You can't do that.
[indistinct chattering]
They'll be grounding transports.
We must find an alternate route
out of the city.
Before it gets locked down.
But Maul...
[stormtrooper] You. step back.
Prepare to present...
Let the Empire handle Maul.
[stormtrooper] What business do you have?
He's no longer our concern.
Surviving is.
[indistinct chatter]
Your droid's really made a mess of things.
Two-Boots was just following his protocol.
You're aware this is not going to go well.
The Empire will want answers.
It was my mission that failed.
I'll take the blame.
What. now you're going after my job?
No. Lawson. I think you've done enough.
Could be worse.
It's not like we were harboring Jedi.
[♪ tense music playing]
Where is Chief Klyce?
Here we go.
Who's asking?
I'm asking.
And who are you?
Lieutenant Blake.
It's come to the Empire's attention
that an extremely dangerous fugitive
has been wreaking havoc within your city.
But you've been aware of that
and failed to report it.
Don't make accusations
without facts to back them up. Lieutenant.
[chuckles]
We'll get there soon enough.
I'm now in charge of operations on Janix
until the fugitive is captured
and those who withheld knowledge
of his whereabouts are identified.
Beginning with you.
Take her to interrogation.
Now hold on.
[♪ tense music continues]
Don't go too far. Captain.
[stormtrooper] Hold it.
Open up. I need to see your scandocs.
Your identification. Okay. you're good.
[Spybot] Mm-hmm.
So many Impy shinys.
[♪ dark. suspenseful music playing]
[Spybot making droid sounds]
Imperial forces
are spreading out across the city.
A full lockdown is imminent.
Perhaps we should consider
relocating to another system.
No. No. not yet.
Is this about the girl?
She tried to kill you.
An admirable attempt.
She will make an excellent apprentice.
Stick to the plan.
Yes. My Lord.
[Vario] Yeah.
and what is the plan exactly?
Because now that the Empire's shown up
and grounded my fleet.
my entire smuggling operation is frozen.
-My syndicate--
-Sacrifices must be made.
Sacrifices?
Krim's dead
and the Pykes are in your pocket.
You got what you wanted
and I made good on my end of the deal.
What do I have to show for it?
You live.
[Vario sighs]
That's a good point. I do live.
Okay. Am I living as your prisoner?
Now our business is concluded.
you are free to leave
and take your chances with the Empire.
[Maul groans. stifled]
[sighs in exasperation]
You know. maybe I'll stick around.
Who doesn't love hiding
in the bowels of the city? [chuckles]
Bowels aren't so bad.
Except for the smell and the darkness.
What's the issue?
You know the issue.
The Empire wasn't part of the deal.
I don't mind the risk.
long as the credits keep flowing.
Which there's no chance of now.
Get back to your posts.
[♪ dark. suspenseful music continues]
[indistinct chatter]
[Lawson breathing intensely]
[Two-Boots] Are you all right.
Captain Lawson?
Your body language indicates
that you are in some form of distress.
Great detective work. partner.
[Two-Boots] Allow me
to assuage your guilt.
I've already forgiven you for shutting
me down without my permission.
There is no further cause to be upset.
You think I'm upset about that?
[indistinct chatter]
Don't you get what's going on here?
Of course. In response to my report.
the Empire sent reinforcements
to apprehend a dangerous fugitive
whom we were ill-equipped to deal with.
And if they capture him.
do you think they'll just pack up and go?
I do not have enough information
to make a proper assessment of that.
Two-Boots. you're smart. but you...
[inhales. sighs]
You just don't get it.
[Lieutenant Blake] Captain.
Wait.
Let's go.
Where's Klyce?
She's being transferred permanently.
[♪ tense music playing]
I'd advise you
to be more forthcoming than she was.
Move along.
Wait. I wanna talk to the chief.
Tell me... everything.
[whirring]
[voice over pa system]
The Empire is here for your protection.
Swift cooperation saves lives.
[stormtrooper] Step back. One at a time.
Prepare to present your identification.
You. have you seen this fugitive?
Remember to report anything
out of the ordinary.
We'll head out of the city.
remain in the forest until things settle.
What troubles you?
Is this what our future holds?
Always running. hiding.
If it means our survival.
we do what we must.
It just seems
like a waste of our abilities.
It's your voice that speaks.
but it's Maul's words that I hear.
Do not allow his poison
to infect your mind.
I know.
I know. Master. I'm just confused.
He's powerful.
Together. we couldn't even defeat him.
yet he made an offer
for us to fight as allies?
He seeks only to help himself.
I dislike him as much as you.
But he may have a point about the Empire.
Isolated. none of us
stand a chance against them.
The Empire may be our common enemy.
but Maul will never be our ally.
[stormtrooper] You there.
identification. Now.
You look like you know something.
Have you seen this fugitive?
[indistinct chatter]
-[man 1] Hey. watch it.
-[man 2] Watch it.
-[indistinct chatter continues]
-[woman speaking alien language]
[police droid 1] That's not
my regular sector.
-Uh. excuse me.
-Why have I been reassigned?
I need to see Captain Lawson. It's urgent.
[police droid 2] You're
no longer responsible...
I said it's urgent.
-It's highly irregular.
-Take it up with the Imperial Commander.
[police droid 1] Entrance to the records
wing was denied.
I cannot process my cases.
[officer] Ma'am.
complaining will not get you...
[droid 1] Operator.
moving guard to Janix spaceport
to provide security
for the processing of citizens.
Two-Boots.
Rylee Lawson. what are you doing here?
I'm looking for my dad. Where is he?
He's not answering his comms.
Your father is currently
being interrogated.
Interrogated? What are you talking about?
There is no cause for alarm.
It's a standard operating procedure
in this situation.
Wait. is that why the Empire's here?
I cannot divulge information regarding
an active investigation to a civilian.
[scoffing] Two-Boots. it's me.
You've known me my whole life.
-That does not change protocol.
-[sighs softly]
I will have your father contact you
when and if he is released.
-If?
-Go to your residence. Rylee.
You do not belong here.
No. he does not.
Droid. why have you allowed
this civilian to enter a restricted area?
This is Captain Lawson's son. Lieutenant.
He was just leaving.
See that he does and get back to work.
[♪ tense music playing]
I already told you.
We walked into an ambush.
Most of my team didn't make it out.
Yet. you survived.
[sighs softly] Lucky me. right?
[voice over pa system] Transportation
is under Imperial control.
[whirring]
Now. once out of the city.
we'll continue on foot.
There is a ruin we can take refuge in.
[Devon] How long will we stay there?
[Master Daki] Until the Empire
captures Maul and loosens their grip.
Then we will find
another way off the planet.
[indistinct announcement over pa system]
Worry not.
Throughout my long life. I have seen
the galaxy endure many changes.
Tyranny is always defeated.
We must remain hopeful.
[voice over pa system] Central Line
train approaching. Please watch your step.
[pings]
[whirring]
[dings]
[announcer]
Imperial inspections in progress.
[stormtrooper 1] Secure the station.
Have you seen this fugitive?
Have your identification ready...
I never much liked trains anyway.
Identification.
You have seen
our identification.
[stormtrooper 2]
I have seen your identification.
We are free to go.
[stormtrooper 2] You are free to go.
[stormtrooper 1] Why did you release them
without seeing their identification?
[stormtrooper 2] Oh.
they are free to... go?
[stormtrooper 1] Wait. freeze!
[people exclaim. scream]
[Devon grunts]
[stormtroopers groan]
[Devon grunting loudly]
-[stormtrooper 1] Stop!
-[women screams]
[train blaring]
[stormtrooper 3] Where are they?
Where'd they go? They just disappeared.
Search the buildings. I'll call it in.
This is TK-0228 in pursuit of fugitives
on foot and north bound...
[Master Daki groans]
Master. are you okay?
Not entirely. But I am not dead yet.
[whirring]
[♪ dark. suspenseful music playing]
[breathes deeply]
[commlink ringing]
Rylee. I got your messages.
What's so urgent?
Mom. you need to come home.
What's wrong?
The Empire's here.
-Okay...
-I went looking for Dad.
but Two-Boots said
he was being interrogated.
Your father...
[sighs softly] What did he do now?
[sighs wearily]
Something's happening. and Dad's involved.
Something big.
If troopers are there.
then it's to keep everyone safe.
Whatever the reason. don't interfere.
If they ask you to do something.
cooperate.
But what about Dad?
Tell him to do the same.
I'm sure he'll be back soon.
I'm sorry. Ry.
but I have to get back to work.
Trust me. everything will be fine. okay?
Okay.
I love you. Let's talk later.
[♪ dark. suspenseful music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
[stormtrooper] Citizens.
present your scandocs.
[indistinct laughter]
The patrols have cut us off.
Leaving the city
may not be an option right now.
It's best if we find a safe place to hide
and wait for an opportunity.
Where. Master?
We don't exactly have
a lot of contacts here.
We only need one.
[♪ dark. suspenseful music continues]
[blasters. screams echo]
Let's see what Impy see.
Think I found Jedi.
[♪ dark. suspenseful music continues]
[winces. groans softly]
[door opens]
-[leg clunks]
-[Maul breathing heavily]
[Icarus] Brother.
Yes. Rook. What is it?
Lord Maul.
Imperial Patrol spotted
the girl and her master in sector 27.
They didn't make it
out of the city before the lockdown.
How... fortuitous.
[♪ tense music playing]
[sighs] Can I at least get a caf?
Captain. you're free to go.
The Empire thanks you
for your cooperation.
[scoffs] Yeah. I bet they do.
[♪ tense music continues]
[engine accelerating]
[breathes deeply]
Rylee?
[Rylee] Dad? Uh. in here.
Sorry I'm late. It's been a day.
[groans softly] You've got to be kidding.
[sighs wearily]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[♪ closing theme music playing]